#ANALYZING TWITTER DATA
##To Predict Election Results

####Abstract
In recent years, twitter has become ubiquitous and important for social networking and content sharing. And yet, the content that is generated from these websites remains largely untapped. In this project, we demonstrate how twitter content can be used to predict real-world outcomes and how sentiments extracted from Twitter can be further utilized to improve the forecasting power of social media. Though uninteresting individually, Twitter messages, or tweets, can provide an accurate reflection of public sentiment when taken in aggregation. In this project, we primarily examine the effectiveness of various machine learning techniques on providing a positive or negative sentiment on a tweet corpus. We accomplish this by mining tweets using Twitter's search API and subsequently processing them for analysis.

####Problem Statement
“Using the big data generated by Twitter we can get a public opinion about a particular topic, Politician's image in this case, by analyzing the sentiments expressed in the tweets- positive, negative or neutral.”

####Contribution
This project aims to give a clear picture of public sentiments about a particular topic, Election Candidate‘s image in this case to the user so that the user can get an overall idea and predict the outcome of the elections.  
The main contribution of this project towards society is that it is equipping it with a power tool of analyzing the social media about a particular topic and getting an overall sentiment about that topic.  
The contribution of this project towards the technology is that it is demonstrating how the power of Natural Language Processing, Sentiment Analysis and Social Networking can be used together for the benefits of the general public.
